here we go in which obeys something is
here we have Tony
he is the middle size and over here in
the corner we have little see you
he's the tiniest
he's trying to take food on the outside
here
that is why Steve
my hand so probably bite me the creaking
sound is the cat coming in my glider
where she shouldn't be and these are our
three
albino mice
it's not good stuff leave me be
they'll have little filter girls
everywhere too much we do have a house
phone yeah
yes it's just that in here do they love
have better stuff later but considering
only have them a day and a half this is
pretty good
can't little water tastes really good
tonight
to stand on this piece of chicken over
there
things like heavy chicken yeah buddy
thank you lose yeah
okay I think this videos like searching
the corner